README.md, before:

# Alice

A dark-based colorscheme for polyglot programmers.

## Installation

### [packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)

```lua
use "HicaroD/alice.nvim"
```

### [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug)

```vim
Plug "HicaroD/alice.nvim"
```

## Supported plugins

1. [nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
2. [indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
3. [neoclide/coc.nvim](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim)
4. [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)

## Screenshots

![java](./screenshots/java.png)

![typescript](./screenshots/typescript.png)

![flutter_dart](./screenshots/flutter_dart.png)

## Thanks to

- [kristijanhusak/vim-hybrid-material](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-hybrid-material)

## Inspirations

1. Alice, my lovely girlfriend.
2. CodeAesthetic, an incredible YouTube channel about software development in general.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat(docs): adding Contributions section

README.md, after:

# Alice

A dark-based colorscheme for polyglot programmers.

## Installation

### [packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)

```lua
use "HicaroD/alice.nvim"
```

### [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug)

```vim
Plug "HicaroD/alice.nvim"
```

## Supported plugins

1. [nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
2. [indent-blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
3. [neoclide/coc.nvim](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim)
4. [nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim)

## Screenshots

![java](./screenshots/java.png)

![typescript](./screenshots/typescript.png)

![flutter_dart](./screenshots/flutter_dart.png)

## Thanks to

- [kristijanhusak/vim-hybrid-material](https://github.com/kristijanhusak/vim-hybrid-material)

## Inspirations

1. Alice, my lovely girlfriend.
2. CodeAesthetic, an incredible YouTube channel about software development in general.

## Contributions

If you find bugs or any kind of irregularity, feel free to open an issue.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE).
